tool/scylla-sstable: more flexibility in obtaining the schema (#13075)
scylladb/scylladb: docs/operating-scylla/admin-tools/scylla-sstable.rst

Schema
------

All operations need a schema to interpret the SStables with.

> The tool tries to auto-detect the location of the scylla data directories and the name of the table the sstable belongs to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool tries to auto-detect the location of the ScyllaDB data directories and the name of the table the SStable belongs to.
```

> If the sstable is located in a scylla data directory, this works out-of-the box, without any additional input from the user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the SStables is located in a ScyllaDB data directory, it works out-of-the-box, without any additional input from the user.
```

> If the sstable is located at an external path, the tool has to be told the name of the keyspace and table the sstable belongs to. And potentially some hints as to where the scylla data dir is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the SStables is located at an external path, you need to specify the names of the keyspace and table to which the SStable belongs. In addition, some hints as to where the ScyllaDB data directory is located may also be required.
```

> Currently, the schema can be obtained in the following ways:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The schema can be obtained in the following ways:
```

> * Auto detect - if the sstable is located in the table's directory, within the scylla data directory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Auto-detected - if the SStable is located in the table's directory within the ScyllaDB data directory.
```

> * ``--keyspace=KEYSPACE --table=TABLE`` - if the sstable is located at an external location, but the scylla data directory or the config file are located at standard location. The tool also reads the ``SCYLLA_CONF`` and ``SCYLLA_HOME`` environment variables to try to locate the configuration file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``--keyspace=KEYSPACE --table=TABLE`` - If the SStable is located at an external location, but the ScyllaDB data directory or the config file are located at the standard location. The tool also reads the ``SCYLLA_CONF`` and ``SCYLLA_HOME`` environment variables to try to locate the configuration file.
```

* ``--schema-file FILENAME`` - Read the schema definition from a file.
* ``--system-schema --keyspace=KEYSPACE --table=TABLE`` - Use the known definition of built-in tables (only works for system tables).
* ``--scylla-data-dir SCYLLA_DATA_DIR_PATH --keyspace=KEYSPACE --table=TABLE`` - Read the schema tables from the data directory at the provided location, needs the keyspace and table name to be provided with ``--keyspace`` and ``--table``.
* ``--scylla-yaml-file SCYLLA_YAML_FILE_PATH --keyspace=KEYSPACE --table=TABLE`` - Read the schema tables from the data directory path obtained from the configuration, needs the keyspace and table name to be provided with ``--keyspace`` and ``--table``.

> By default (no schema related options are provided) the tool will try the following squence:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default (no schema-related options are provided), the tool will try the following sequence:

```

Reviewer: Apart from the language fixes, this suggestion adds an empty line between the text and the list. Without the line, the list doesn't render (it's a long line of text instead of bullets on separate lines).

* Try to load schema from ``schema.cql``.

> * Try to deduce scylla data directory path and table names from sstable path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Try to deduce ScyllaDB data directory path and table names from the SStable path.
```

> * Try to load schema from scylla directory located at standard location (``/var/lib/scylla``). For this to succed the table name has to be provided via ``--keyspace`` and ``--table``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Try to load the schema from ScyllaDB directory located at the standard location (``/var/lib/scylla``). For this to succeed, the table name has to be provided via ``--keyspace`` and ``--table``.
```

> * Try to load schema from scylla directory path obtained from config at standard location (``./conf/scylla.yaml``). ``SCYLLA_CONF`` and ``SCYLLA_HOME`` environment variables are also checked. For this to succeed the table name has to be provided via ``--keyspace`` and ``--table``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Try to load the schema from the ScyllaDB directory path obtained from config at the standard location (``./conf/scylla.yaml``). ``SCYLLA_CONF`` and ``SCYLLA_HOME`` environment variables are also checked. For this to succeed, the table name has to be provided via ``--keyspace`` and ``--table``.
```

> The tool stops after the first successful attempt. If none of these succeed an error message will be printed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The tool stops after the first successful attempt. If none of the above succeed, an error message will be printed.
```

* The schema file doesn't have to be called ``schema.cql``, this is just the default name. Any file name is supported (with any extension).

Dropped columns

> """""""""""""""

Reviewer: @denesb 
Sphinx reports a warning because of this change because such a heading is not supported; see https://sphinx-theme.scylladb.com/stable/examples/headings.html.
Did you want to nest "Dropped columns" under the "schema.cql" heading?

The heading syntax in this file is all mixed up because the page title follows the syntax of H2. The documentation builds without warnings as long as we don't make any changes to the hierarchy.

If the "Dropped columns" heading should be a lower lever heading than "schema.cql", unfortunately, we must:
- Revert the change on this line back to ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
- Open an issue to fix the heading syntax on this page, pointing out that "Dropped columns" is lower H than "schema.cql".
- Fix the headings on the entire page AFTER this PR is merged  (to avoid messing up the docs in this PR).

Author: I ended up using `~~~~~` and Sphinx seems to be happy with that.
